what is going on guys done here bring
the you episode frayed the road rainbow
squad and before I stop with the trading
just going to take a few minutes just to
go through the border to start firstly
underneath your notice that that's the
team on trading up to also you'll notice
the village is actually gone and he's
been replaced by Pepe and someone in the
last episode recommended decent this
does actually put everyone 29 came so
you know I'd much rather have that
because that seven chem was bugging me a
tiny bit also you'll notice that Robin
is a little panache risk obviously
because I've got him and every time I
make a song into the team he'll load up
underneath so you bout to follow my
progress and also know all the times
what team I'm going to try and trade up
to also to the right you'll be able to
see the title of us the road to rainbow
squads you also see set 1 set 2 and
overall and the set one and set to
adjust the both side in trading sets and
that's where a lot the profit for each
one of them will go and then overall is
just them two added up and that'll be
like the overall profit for the episode
and then just believe that the UK gb one
that's actually a Twitter so if you can
go ahead and go and follow us on Twitter
and take a look folks I can go is that
be really really appreciated so that'll
be there all times so moving on with the
trade in them and we go into the tray
poll and I think I'd logs on 475 k log
to trade for this episode not entirely
sure but it was around there and again
we made some jovino trades a really good
thing to do just to maximize the profit
a bit guys and we also went a bit too
run mad to be honest we bought free two
runs and he proven to be really really
good player to trade we've really liked
riding with him the first one he have
aboard for 17 7 15 listing for 24k I do
actually I have to lower him a tiny bit
bought still make a decent profit on him
this one needs a 442 so obviously he's
going to go for more 22-250 are paid for
him are listening for 27 k because he's
actually got quite a few contracts and
also a stove old card on him so
hopefully i could get that for him march
easy now center mid 4 3 2 1 a really
really good place to trade with Israelis
actually really good play on the game as
well 17 750
paid for him and I listing from 19 750
just because that looks lower because if
I listening with 20k I could have
probably got 20 gave him but 19 7 15
Awards looks less well it is less but it
looks a lot less for some reason guys
moving on to the last trade of this set
and it is another to run free back
formation again 16 Kyle pay for this one
and I think all this this one for 23k
just because this one had less contracts
under the offer free back formation one
so would you actually make quite a nice
profit for this set of trades guys I
think he's something like 19 400 we will
see here in the screen changes yeah 19
400 profit so really really good and
I've made second set of trades and I
think we make like bet the same meant
profit on him I'm not set any way but
we'll see that in a minute so moving on
to this Marchese know and he solved 419
750 like instantly and he's been resold
for a bit more so could have probably
got a bit more for him cleaving all
these gervinho is off the trade pole
moving on to the first to run who
actually sold for 21 k so he had to be
lowered a tiny bit view more videos
second to run and he sees the 442 441
and 80 for 26 k so decent profit on him
again really nice glad to trade we've
last around saw for 21 k so sucker for
5k puffy and this is the second set of
trades guys a couple of blue cards in
their mobile to notice so starting off
with Easton ni 27 750 i paid for him and
i think i am listening for 37 k yes
we've sent for that being nice 10k
coffee moving on to Cardozo 18 to 50
he's like yeah 18 to 50 I paid for him
and I end up listening for 24 500d said
trades for five hours as well I mean
three hours as well boys moving on to
fray 13 750 i paid for him and this was
actually really nice deal as well
fingering listening 419 250 no 19 kya
haal listening for moving on to a leak
I'm owning a 4424 mention sentiment as
well 14k are paid for him and our
listing for
18k so that'd be a nice profit he
selling for that and moving on
to borja valero I 18500 he's also gotta
stay old card on him and I think here
quite a few contracts as well and when
you put contracts on players goes it
always helps himself for some reason
18500 are paid for him and i listening
for 23k I've got any more on the next
page now I see so moving on there guys
and you'll see that everything is sold
and we made 19,000 item GK profit on
that set of trades meaning the total
profit for this episode was 39 thousand
two hundred which is really really nice
and now we've got into the hundred
thousands so we'll be getting that the
next player soon so this phrase all for
19 k card also sold for 23k Cattermole
soul for 17 250 at this last aveeno off
and then the boys of valero so for 23k
so we're at the end of the episode now
guys I just want to quickly add the next
player that will be going for it's
actually that Tim the season hawk he
goes for bearing 300 ki will actually
show you how much he goes for next
episode but it's around 300 k so women
like 10 19 now so some protect me that
long to get to him also guys please
leave a like and a comment if you
enjoyed it I know normally house for
like 40 like sport you guys just
absolutely smashed last time guys I
think we got 45 likes so I'm going to
ask for 45 bucks again hopefully i can
try and get that if we can use can you
guys just absolute legends if we can get
that also leave a comment if you enjoyed
the episodes also subscribe as well Neil
it's 750 now so if you guys could
subscribe if you've not already died be
much appreciate is well so we're at the
end of the episode now guys and I'll see
you next time